README.md, before:

# This repo is for CS5610 Spring 2019 NEU Seattle 

# Wenbo Wang

2017 MS in CS Align student

wang.wenbo@husky.neu.edu

Heroku link: https://webdev-wenbowang-cs5610.herokuapp.com/

## Updates:
Updates so far:

v4.0: Homework 4 - Latest version

 - 1. Created web services
 
 - 2. Refactored angular services to use web services
 
 - 3. Refactored angular services to send http requests
 
 - 4. Refactored components to subscribe to the returned Observables
 
 - 5. Added sorting to widget list view
 
 - 6. Added image upload support
 
V3.4: Homework 3

V3.3: Homework 3

V3.2: Homework 3

V3.1: Homework 3

V3.0: Homework 3

V2.1: Homework 2

V2.0: Homework 2

V1.0: Homework 1

# WebdevWangWenbo

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.2.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Implemented HTML and Text widget components

README.md, after:

# This repo is for CS5610 Spring 2019 NEU Seattle 

# Wenbo Wang

2017 MS in CS Align student

wang.wenbo@husky.neu.edu

Heroku link: https://webdev-wenbowang-cs5610.herokuapp.com/

## Updates:
Updates so far:

v5.1: Homework 5

 - 1. Implement schema and model on views and refactor server side services to utilize mongoose functions.
 - 2. Add delete user button in profile page and implement the delete user function.
 - 3. Implemented Flickr Image Search Component
 - 4. Implemented HTML widget Component
 - 5. Implemented Text widget Component

v5.0.1: Homework 5

v5.0: Homework 5

v4.0: Homework 4

V3.4: Homework 3

V3.3: Homework 3

V3.2: Homework 3

V3.1: Homework 3

V3.0: Homework 3

V2.1: Homework 2

V2.0: Homework 2

V1.0: Homework 1

# WebdevWangWenbo

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.2.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
